Pivot and Unpivot data.
Why we need date table.


cleaned values.
filled remaining msrp_usd form price_usd

My Daily Update :
Yesterday(01-01-2026): 
•	Understand the Competitor data : 1.5 Hours
•	Cleaned the data: 2 Hours
•	Advanced Transformations(created dimension tables to normalize data): 1 Hour
•	Created a Overview Page: 2 hours
•	Worked on category Page: 1 hour



Today:
•	Understand other Columns : 1 hour
•	Transform data according to the requirement: 2 hours
•	Build different dashboards with transformed data: 2 hours



Summery:

My dashboard contains total 3 pages to display differenttype of data with different filters.

Overview Page: This page contains overview of market data data. It contains Cards Like Total Items, Total Competitors, Average Discounts and Top Price Ranges. It also contains various charts to display the different insights of Lenox and other competitors in the market.
           This Page Contains Total Items in each type of category of Lenox and other competitors. It also contains a chart to display Total Items of Lenox with it's competitors for comparison. It contains a clustered bar chart for a differece between Lenox and it's competitors in terms of different price ranges.
           At the bottom It has an pi chart To display the market share of Lenox with it's competitors in respact to Item Counts. There was also a sclicer to select Availability of Items.

Category Page: I have name this Page a Category Page as It changes widely according to the category selected from the slicer. This Page Contains various charts to display insights of Lenox and it's competitors in different categories. It contains a chart to display Top 20 tags with it's Item Counts. It also contains a Pie Chart To display Total Available items .Also thischart has drill down option to show that that choice is of lenox or it's competitors.
             There was also a Bar chart to Display Various competitors but it also has drill down option to display it's vendors.











