My Daily Update :
Last Friday(05-01-2026): 
•	Formatted the visuals according to guidelines : 1.5 Hours
•	Understand the Lenox Data : 1.5 Hours
•	Advanced Transformations and created one final table for most of the dashboard: 2 Hour
•	Worked on Lenox Tabular page with Lenox data: 2 hours
•	Inserted various filters on lenox tabular page: 1 hour



Today:
•	Format the lenox tabular page according to guideline : 1 hour
•	Work on Various filters on each Page: 3 hours
•	understand other transformations that can be done on lenox data: 2 hours


Hello, I am Harshang Panchani, currently an Intern at Valens Datalabs. My technical foundation includes strong backend expertise with Python, SQL, Django, and PHP. Also currently i am learning Power BI to transform complex data into analytical solutions. I am passionate about contributing to complex projects.


Professional Introduction:
Hello, I am Harshang Panchani, from Valens Datalabs. I specialize in Data Engineering and Analytics with my technical foundation in Python,  SQL. I specialize in Transforming data & designing visualization to drive business intelligence with Power BI. 

Hello, I am Harshang Panchani. I specialize in Data Engineering and Analytics with a technical foundation in Python and SQL for backend data management. I focus on transforming complex datasets and designing visualizations in Power BI to drive business intelligence. I am dedicated to delivering efficient data-driven solutions and technical insights.



Hello , I am Harshang Panchani. I specialize in Data Engineering and Analytics. I am skilled for business intelligence solutions with Power BI. I am dedicated to transform the data and design visualization for technical insights. My technical foundation also includes skills like Python and SQL to manage data.



610
1360
10
130



610
1335
35
130
